blog(embertimes182): in-element helper blog post (#980)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/the-ember-times-issue-182.md

title: The Ember Times - Issue No. 182
authors:
  - the-crowd # replace with real authors from the author folder (add yourself if you're not there)
  - chris-ng
date: 2021-06-18T00:00:00.000Z
tags:
  - newsletter
  - '2021'
---

👋 Emberistas! 🐹
Read the blog post on using the in-element helper ⛳,
<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>

---

> ## [Blog Post: Using the in-element helper ⛳](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/emberjs-using-in-element-helper-faith-or/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Using the in-element helper ⛳](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/emberjs-using-in-element-helper-faith-or/)
```

[Faith Or (@faith-or)](https://github.com/faith-or) wrote a blog post on how they migrated from `ember-wormhole` to the built-in `in-element` helper introduced in Ember 3.20.

> [Ember Wormhole](https://github.com/yapplabs/ember-wormhole) is an addon that renders a child view somewhere else in the DOM.

Reviewer: I haven't used `ember-wormhole`, but think it's used to render something outside of the usual, parent DOM tree? If so, I think we could be more specific, in case a reader isn't familiar with the addon.

```suggestion
[Ember Wormhole](https://github.com/yapplabs/ember-wormhole) is an addon that renders a child view somewhere _outside_ the parent element in DOM.
```

Author: Ah I left my train of throught lemme redo this

The [in-element helper](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/3.20/classes/Ember.Templates.helpers/methods/in-element?anchor=in-element) renders its block content outside of the regular flow, into a DOM element given by its `destinationElement` positional argument.

Common use cases for both include when a piece of UI is a logical child of a component but needs to render somewhere else such as a loading screen, a modal, tooltip or even a dropdown. The differences between the two are slight. Faith goes into more detail in the blog post.

> The main takeaways is that  `in-element` needs the destination to exist before we use it while `ember-wormhole` does not, when the destination element changes the content is re-rendered completely for `in-element`, and by default the `in-element` helper will replace all the contents of the destination element (you will need to configure it not to using `insertBefore=null`).

Reviewer: I think the paragraph will be easier to read if we make a list and specify the number of takeaways in the beginning.

```suggestion
There are 3 main takeaways.

1. `in-element` needs the destination to exist before we use it, while `ember-wormhole` does not.
2. With `in-element`, when the destination element changes, the content is re-rendered completely.
3. By default, the `in-element` helper will replace all the contents of the destination element. (You will need to configure it not to using `insertBefore=null`.)
```
